---
title: 2021 Auction List
layout: blog
date: 2021-08-30
img: bikes-600.jpg
thumbnail: bikes-400.jpg
alt: 2021 Auction List
category: blog
description: List of the Auction lots

---

## Nailsea Bike Show Auction Lots

There will be an auction and raffle at 4:30pm on the Saturday and 3:45pm on the Sunday. 

If you wish to make a bid in advance on the auction lots, or wish to bid but can't attend the show, please contact Sam Mildon on Facebook messenger - <a href="https://www.facebook.com/samantha.mildon.7" target="_blank">https://www.facebook.com/samantha.mildon.7</a>

### Auction lots - September 11, 2021

* Bristol City – 2 Adults for the Heineken Lounge and seats for a home game of choice, including refreshments and hot and cold buffets.
* Tony Groves – has kindly donated a brand new (with tags) RST bike Jacket Medium Mens.
* David Christopher Jewellery Shop – Men’s Black Bering Watch
* The Beauty Rooms – Relaxation time for two, An Exclusive treatment and great introduction to our facials and advanced massage techniques. Enjoy the deep cleansing and radiance boosting facial from Dermalogica or Guinot skincare with a choice of either a hot stone or warm bamboo back, neck and shoulders.
* Lawney and Alan Hill Racing – Offers the unique experience of joining them on the gallops to watch the horses run at speed and jump.  Followed by a full English breakfast. Lawney will be happy to show you around and introduce you to some of the characters.
* Butterfly Travel – Offers a unique Junior Supercar Experience Day. Choice of 15 Supercars to choose from. 
* Portishead The Band – Signed Album and stuff.
* David Christopher – Argentium The finest Silver heart bracelet.
* Donnington Park GP British Super Bikes Tickets for 2 for Oct1-3, with seating for 2nd and 3rd in Hollywood Stand.

### Auction lots - September 12, 2021

* David Christopher – One very pretty Hot Diamond
Pendent
* J20 Motorcycles – Mixed Bundles.
* Bella Mildon offers Dukes of Hazzard General Lee driving
Blast experience – with a V8 Engine, this 1969 Dodge
Charger pays tribute to General Lee. Drive 3 exhilarating
laps.
* James Shoplands has offered and experience to step
back in time to the fantastic forties with a ride around in
an original 1942 Willy’s Jeep.
* London School of Diving – Offering a taster dive
experience
* David Christopher – Gold and Diamond More to come
TBC
* Waitrose – Have a selection of fine wines and prosecco
* Nicola Richardson – has kindly offered a free will writing.
* Double Tree Hilton – Afternoon Tea
* Thatchers deck chair and parasol and some beers from Butcombe

### Raffle Prizes

* 1st Prize – BOSCH GBH 18v -EC SDS plus 3 Function Hammer drill £250
* 2nd Prize - Makita 18v LXT Combi drill £154
* 3rd Prize – Dewalt 22mm 3 mode SDS Hammer drill 110v -£100

* The Wave - £50 voucher
* Pale Blue - £30 voucher
* Fizz Gallery – Candles and Beauty Products
* 2 Tickets for Curzon Cinema
* Body Shop Gift basket worth £50
* Card Shop – Gifts of Teddy bears and Cups.
* David Christopher Goodie Bag 
* Samuel Bird – Headphones
* Bennetts Barbers - £20 voucher
* 1 magnum of Prosecco
* 1 family pass for Noahs Ark
