---
title: 2022 Show Programme
layout: blog
date: 2022-05-08
img: band-600.jpg
thumbnail: band-400.jpg
alt: 2022 Show Programme
category: blog
description: Full list of all the events and bands

---

## Saturday 10th September

**10:55AM** Show opening - Intro/Welcome

**11:00AM** 51 Degrees - A Bristol based five piece rock band providing high energy covers to get the crowd pumped.

**12:30PM** The Factory – Four piece band of experienced musicians from North Somerset playing some of your favorite rock, blues and pop covers.

**1:30PM** CHSW - a short Summary on the Charity.

**2:00PM** THE REBOUNDS– A Local band formed just before the country went into lockdown, are eager to finally get out and share their take on a bunch of indie, pop and soul songs that they hope you'll love.

**3:30PM** Beacon Rise – An up and coming band, creating their own material. They have a strong stage presence and show their talents through swapping instruments.

**4:30PM** Charity Raffle,  Auction

**5:15PM** Running on Empty –  Clevedon based band who have been together for nearly twenty years. Playing blues / rock covers from the 60’s and 70’s blues and much more!

**6:45PM** Driftwood - Five piece Bath-based rock and blues band playing classic 50s/60s/7os covers with lots of foot tapping energy and style.

**8:15PM** Corvus – Classic rock covers band, with some added modern pop and a few other twists and turns to add a bit of funky spice.

**9:00PM** Music moves inside

 **9:30PM** Caught on the back foot - An extremely versatile and talented covers band who play a massive range of music of all genres, from Iron Maiden to Stevie Wonder with a bit of Oasis for good measure.

## Sunday 11th September

**11:55AM** Show opening – Intro/Welcome
	
 **12:00AM** Undercover– A seasoned South Glos based cover band playing classic rock & pop tunes from across the decades, delivered with plenty of energy and volume.

**1:00PM** CHSW - a short Summary on the Charity.
	
**1:30PM** The Frogs – North Somerset 5 piece Band playing only the greatest hits from Transatlantic 50's/60's Rock and Roll and Rhythm and Blues.

**3:00PM** The Cringe – Classic Rock focusing on the music of Led Zeppelin and other Seventies trail blazers.
	
**4:00PM** Awards, Raffle, Auction etc.

**5:00PM** The Salvage Crew – Local musicians with years of experience playing 50's to 90's pop, rock favourites that will get your feet tapping. We'll put a smile of your face.

**6:00PM** Show closes :(
